I'd like to try a network architecture that is even more powerful than LeNet.
I'm going to test out an architecture published by the autonomous vehicle team at NVIDIA.
This is the network they use for training a real car to drive autonomously.
Starting from the bottom,
the network consists of a normalization layer which I already have,
followed by five convolutional layers,
followed by four fully connected layers.
Since the dimensions are changing between some of the convolutional layers,
it seems like the network uses convolutional strides in some cases.
The training is okay,
but I can see that the validation loss is increasing with every epoch.
I'm going to try training it again for a fewer number of epochs.
All right, the network runs pretty well.
It gets the car to the bridge,
still needs improvement, but it feels like we're getting better each time.